In search of the perfect requirement.
How much analysis is enough?
Well, when you think the requirements are clear,
stable, and the users agree. Well that sounds simple enough,
doesn't it?
Do requirements need to be perfect? No, they don't.
But as you've realized, they just need to be clear enough and stable enough,
and the users pretty much agree. So we can see that this is not a perfect
process, but if you strive for perfect requirements,
you will likely never succeed.
Life isn't perfect. Are soft and high‑level requirements okay? Well, yes and no.
If you have soft and high‑level requirements and they are intended
for a report to your manager or stakeholder,
then you did a great job.
If they are high‑level and soft requirements and you plan to hand
those over to a development team to implement,
then you likely did not do your job, and that may cost time,
money, or even your career.
Now conversely, if your requirements outcome is too detailed,
then it might be a waste of time for two reasons.
One,
because requirements are a moving target and they can rapidly change, and
therefore, be a waste of your time. And two, if you're only going to provide
decision data to your manager or stakeholder,
why go into so much detail?
In this case, a soft and high‑level outcome maybe would be just fine.
So what is the right amount?
Well, there is no clear answer for this,
but I will try and take a stab at it on the next slide.
Here is my guidance for the right amount of analysis.
It is basic and straightforward, and should help
you if you struggle in this area.
You are not alone.
I have certainly struggled in my career on this topic.
So this is what I would do. Always know your outcome before you start.
Whomever is giving you the assignment,
be sure you understand what is expected of you and your team.
Ask questions, and get a good holistic feel on what they need.
Document their expectations, and send it back to the
person, not for approval per se, but for affirmation.
Okay, now you have a firm assignment and you're ready to start.
I can't believe how many people work on assignments,
not really knowing their assignment.
How productive is that?
Not very.
Perform all analysis in increments and iterations, just
like I've described in this module.
Remember,
doing work in short increments with regular reviews
enables us to make course correction.
Life is dynamic.
Things change.
List your backlog of tasks, just simply jot down a list of tasks
you need to do, and if you have your framework,
pull out a template, lay out your iterations, maybe three days if you're by
yourself, or 1‑2 weeks, or whatever works for you. Provide incremental
feedback during standups, you will be amazed that incremental feedback to your stakeholder has so many benefits.